- You guys, I'm not even kidding,
I found another room in this house.
It's a hidden room that we had no idea
about until last night.
(creepy music)
This is not a joke,
this is not click bait,
this is for real.
Last night I was taking the trash out
and I was coming back I
stopped and I was just like,
looking at the house.
I realized there was a
window that had blinds in it.
It looks to me like
that window has blinds,
and if that window has
blinds, then that means
there's a room.
There's gotta be a room.
Okay, so, if you look here,
we just have this like,
vaulted ceiling thing that
goes above the stairs,
so if there's a place
to walk around up there,
you would have to walk here
or there or I don't know.
Is there two different entrances?
Let's look upstairs.
Here's a door and this
is our communications
closet slash extra mattress room.
The roof here is vaulted,
which means there might
be some room up there but I'm
not a hundred percent sure.
Okay, so Chell's room is over there,
Atlas' room is over here.
Let's go in Atlas' room.
This room definitely, well..
Check in here.
It doesn't have any,
okay, there is one, okay.
I've never seen this before, is it locked?
Oh, it's not.
Yeah, we can, I think we can get up there.
Ladder!
This should be really interesting.
I feel like I should be
wearing like a breather
or something, I mean I could but, nah,
I'm just gonna take a look first,
then I'll decide.
(creaking)
(coughs)
Oh there's light!
Yup there's the window.
It doesn't look too bad.
I don't think I have
to worry so much about
dust or any crazy stuff.
How's this get out of here?
Some stuff just dropped.
Oh, hello, some Barbies up here.
And a light switch.
Doesn't do much.
This is so crazy, you guys,
and it's so hot up here.
Oh my gosh, it's like 75
degrees outside but up here,
uh, it's smoldering.
Look, it goes all the way back there.
You gotta be freaking kidding me!
That's gonna be awesome.
I wanna see these first.
Let's, I don't know if
I wanna even touch them.
What the heck, dude.
Oh, there's three of them.
There's another one.
Now, I need to make my way across.
I can see there's some sort
of possible foot path right
there but, like, I don't wanna
step through the ceiling.
I'm just gonna do this and
pray that I don't fall through.
Yup, look at that, there's
the window, yeah were blinds.
Oh look at this.
What's this?
It's like a
Uh-oh, what was that?
It's, is it gonna snap me?
(whirling noise)
What the heck?
Something gonna happen?
Is that a trap?
I don't know if it's a
trap, or something weird.
I'm not going to get too
close to it, 'cause I have
no idea what the heck this is.
So I'm just gonna kinda move past it
and see if I can look
at it from this side.
Oh there might be a battery right there.
But I don't know.
That is crazy!
Oh look it's moving.
Wait, it did it for a second, maybe not.
That is moving.
So this is a part of something.
Maybe its, maybe its like a clock.
You know what, I think it might be.
It might be some sort
of like old clock part.
And if it is, dude, that is impressive.
It is just going.
Well, I don't think I'm going to get hurt
if I touch one of these.
I'll just pick it up, oh it stopped.
(creepy music)
That was weird.
I'm just gonna let that be.
Uh, sweating bullets, dude.
Alright this looks like our A/C unit
and those are miniature
replicas of things.
Hmm.
It's like a kid's playset
or something I mean it's all
nasty and dusty, I don't know
how long it's been up here.
This is what I wanna know.
(creak)
Oh.
(chuckles)
Oh, oh great, even smaller
miniature replicas of thing
there's like a Coca-Cola and Cheer.
What is this?
Is there anything else in here?
Just toys.
Oh that's disgusting.
And what's this?
Look at this.
It's like an old sewing machine
or something, that's neat.
(old time music)
Cool little designs.
It's still creepy but it's cool.
Okay, I'm officially soaked,
it is so hot up here.
Well I don't know about all
this stuff being up here,
I feel like it might be
some sort of fire hazard,
but at the same time this
thing is not really getting
hot or anything.
Oh that's been there for a long
time, look at all the dust.
There's all these light
switches, I just want to hit them
and see what happens.
At the same time I feel
that if I hit too many light
switches I'm gonna like
hurt something in the house.
I probably shouldn't touch them.
It's shocking to me how many
cables there are in this place.
Like there's cables running
here through this pipe
and then, like all of those,
I guess that's all the
communication stuff, but
still that's a lot of cables.
I'm going to start
making my way outta here.
This is the top of the stairway.
I really thought it would go
all the way up to the ceiling,
but I guess not.
Man I feel like I'm dying
up here with all this heat.
I need to get out.
I'm going to take this with
me too, that's kinda neat.
I'll leave the toys,
the toys are whatever.
Excuse me, again, oops.
(coughing)
You know just because I'm
going to take these things
and just wash them off
and give them to Chell.
I gotta get outta here,
there's a lot of dust.
(dramatic music)
(coughing)
Maybe I shoulda wore a mask.
Alright, let's take a
closer look at this stuff.
Oh, just dinged my table, ouch.
(comedic music)
Look at that.
These are some Barbies, here's
a naked Ken, it's for you.
- What's wrong with him?
- I don't know, I think it's
just probably from his time.
And look at this.
- [Kristen] What is that?!
- [Cory] I think it's a, it
might be like a clock thing.
Dude, I touched it and
it just started running
and it didn't stop for like
five minutes, (Kristen gasps)
until I touched it again
and then it stopped
and it hasn't run since.
- [Kristen] What?
- [Cory] Sorry, sorry.
I don't know what's in there.
But yeah, let's see if it'll go again.
No I swear, it was like
totally running and there's
like these little things,
and I thought it was gonna,
- Creepy
- [Cory] It was like a weird contraption
- [Kristen] It's pretty creepy, dude.
- [Cory] And this Barbie looks like she's
had the time of her life.
She's had many, many,
oh look there's a name.
A name or a battle scar, I'm not sure.
(Kristen giggles)
And look at this guy
over here, he looks like,
he's just so happy, like
he's finally been rescued.
Like what kinda hair is that?
That would be 1968 hair.
- [Kristen] Hmm.
- [Cory] Wow.
So how old are the other ones?
He's not even wearing
underwear, 1968, yeah.
I'm guessing the same for
this one, 1966 on this one.
- Let's see, um, 1966.
Look how long her hair is, by the way.
- [Cory] That is crazy.
- Like talk about unrealistic goals,
(Cory laughs) you know what I mean?
- [Cory] Fun fact, this
Barbie was made my mom was
as old as Chell.
Oh, and I found this box up there,
surrounded by miniature
replicas of things.
- [Kristen] No.
- Mm hm.
To make it worse, it's up on
the heater thing, the heater
cooler, A/C, I don't know I'm
not one of those technicians.
- You didn't grab it?
- [Cory] No.
Well I, okay, I opened it,
I opened it and there were
smaller things inside,
it's like it was surrounded
by evil and the inside was even more evil.
Like how can, what's the evilest of evil?
It was awful.
- I love it.
- [Cory] It was terrible.
But yeah I don't know, I feel
like maybe that was a kids
room at one point and
so like the kids were
probably be like sneaking up
and I would guess that
the kids are climbing up
the shelves and then going up there
and then probably playing at some point.
But not in the summer
time, because it's hot.
(Kristen laughs)
It is so hot, it musta
been some sort of winter
thing that they were doing.
But what's kinda creepy is this house
was built in what, 199...7
- Seven.
Yeah.
- [Cory] Yeah so, like
what's up with this stuff?
Like 60's dolls, maybe
this was like the parents'
- [Kristen] Maybe.
- [Cory] toys or something.
And then this was, just whatever.
- [Kristen] I don't know.
- [Cory] Yeah, kids.
But yeah, wow.
I'm really surprised Chell is
still sleeping, by the way.
(Cory coughs)
- Yeah does it go over
her room, that part?
- [Cory] Mm hm.
- Oh.
- [Cory] Sorry, I got
some stuff in my lungs,
I didn't wear a breather.
- Cory!
- [Cory] I know I should of.
I need some water though.
It's probably all over my face.
I need a shower too, like God.
(upbeat jazz music)